Add guidance for Publishing an MV3 extension (#7223)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/migrating/checklist/index.md

* [Remove unsupported content security policy values](/docs/extensions/migrating/improve-security/#remove-unsupported-csv)

{% endDetails %}

{% Details  'open' %}

{% DetailsSummary %}
## Publish your Manifest V3 extension
{% endDetailsSummary %}

> After converting to Manifest Version 3, it's time to release your extension on the Chrome Web Store. Depending on the changes made, consider a step-wise rollout. This approach allows you to ensure your extension works as expected with a limited audience first, before releasing it to the entire user base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After converting to Manifest Version 3, it's time to release your extension on the Chrome Web Store. Depending on the changes made, consider a step-wise roll out. This approach allows you to ensure your extension works as expected with a limited audience first, before releasing it to the entire user base.
```
